look let me be honest with you I credit
so much of my success with being able to
build a personal brand it's how I was
able to go from a teacher making 50k a
year with no hopes of advancement or
salary growth ever like it was never
gonna go up I was gonna have to move a
couple hours away from where I love
teaching on the south side of Chicago in
order to make more money I went from
being that teacher making 50k a year so
now making multiple multiple times that
in my marketing career and learning
marketing being able to build my own
products communities websites etc all of
that happened because I built similar to
Ryan Serhant here
I built a personal brand so in a recent
conversation with my buddy Bill King
where we talked about how we are each
growing our own personal brands we also
did a breakdown of Dave Gearhart one of
my favorite marketers to follow right
how strong is Dave Gerhardt's personal
brand well as soon as he left he
announced he was leaving drift right he
wasn't gonna become their CMO they're
gonna hire somebody else they want to be
a CMO or to a smaller scrappier company
he ended up going to privy but as soon
as he announced he was leaving he just
threw out a link to patreon and he was
able to make a smooth 7 to 10k a month
recurring revenue just by throwing out a
patreon link and kind of marketing and
promoting it and it's there's a ton of
value there don't get me wrong I'm a
member it's only ten bucks a month I'll
put the link in the description because
Dave's a total badass but like that
personal brand he was able to just
simply put up a patreon link and cash in
to the queue of almost 5 figures per
month if you want to know how to build a
personal brand like that how Dave built
it how Bill and how I are building our
personal brands check out this short
clip am i stealing this my swiping it am
i modeling like we use a lot of
different words that give us peace for
taking strategies for other people but
you know like when Dave launched his
like private podcast I was like why
don't I have a probably I have all this
stuff I want to communicate send it out
nobody wants 5 emails a week ok people
are down like looking at my download
numbers I put a private podcasters for
the SEO for the rest of us community and
like making it super exclusive and
sharing all the things that I want to
share publicly but I can't for a lot of
reasons yeah um and that felt right and
I'm like wow there's something there
like private you know
like paid podcasts like there's some
market for that people really love that
stuff so just trying to keep like an
open mind when I see somebody else doing
it not being like oh that's dumb that'll
never work
you know I think I think the thing that
Dave cracked that I've really come to
understand is there is a tremendous
amount of value in building your own
brand because if you think about his
story Dave's like super bright but he
started here as like senior marketing
manager and that is now three or four
years later the CMO of assumed to be
announced company and he's like he's the
package of things you want he's willing
to try new things he's like out there
putting his opinion out there he's not
afraid to fail and he's certainly not
afraid to like put himself out you know
out there in front of people
mm-hmm and it's just because you we get
we are so busy all the time like again
you have to start thinking about like
what is it I'm trying to achieve if I
want to be the next like leader or
something like that you can't just go
execute behind the scenes like yeah you
have to start thinking about like how do
I build my brand because that becomes a
moat for your own career service about
building a personal brand and I need to
do more of this think about it like a
game like yeah SEO is a game if you put
a controller in front of it and you you
you had as a gaming you're like ps4 or
something like that you would find it to
be like you might find it to be a
different thing if you think about brand
building is like as a challenge it
becomes different just shift your
mindset to like if this is important to
me how do I like how do I break this
down into different parts you know this
the is this the point in the
conversation where I can make a joke
about your website please okay yes I'm
working on it that's like over the
holidays my goal one goal is to relaunch
my site I realize I put that splash page
up like two months ago and I'm like
that's really terrible I need to go I
went to it just like a like 30 minutes
ago
that's definitely thank you for
highlighting bad I appreciate that fun
quick caveat builds website is fixed
there's a link in the description it's
amazing he's got a really cool website
you can check that out there back to the
chat advice on personal brain whatever
man look
Brendon Huffer calm has been through
such an insane evolution of
there's no brand there it's literally
just me and like a weird Tiffany blue
color is like the only thing brand yeah
so yeah I feel you and I mean that thing
that websites been through such an
evolution and I don't know how to do web
design or anything so I just update
everything live so if I'm making a bunch
of changes to the site yeah on it you
might get a real weird experience let me
drop something right now my personal
website is on square case and I don't
care you know why it's on there because
I don't have a lot of time and I want to
be able to ship content and send it out
and not have to like go through a ton of
effort to do that and if that like fits
your like day then do it whatever it is
here for you to get yourself out there
don't like stress about the design and
things like that it's like dude most of
the most successful websites out there
aren't the most beautiful you know 100%
yeah Craigslist right like the yeah I
think a lot like right if it's
Squarespace and MailChimp and you know
whatever like that's it then great and
if it's even just Squarespace like you
don't need to have this like wonderful
WordPress hooked into like some sort of
crazy email CMS and do I have this
hooked up and that thing yeah it's just
I think it's like a big kind of
takeaway for me is like spend time
learning like in a company or in a
position but also like don't be afraid
to like keep shipping things yeah remove
the friction like if publishing is the
hardest thing for you one of the things
you can do to like remove that you know
is it like do you spend less time in
design or like can you do shorter form
stuff or like would like like a good
example we have a video product not to
you know float our stuff but like we
have this video product like it is like
it's like you just can quickly record
something and then just send it out and
you know the idea is it's it's making it
easier for people to to do those things
because people want video content like
seeing some of these faces just
psychologically we react to that better
so I think there's a ton of gold in
there that bill and I shared especially
about our journeys but also about Dave
and that's what Dave does well that's
what I do well as a bill is starting to
do extremely well is just ship things
just constantly be publishing whatever
you need you know even just in the last
hour so like put a tweet out a LinkedIn
post I'm recording these videos I
scheduled my email to go out to my list
to share these videos here in the next
we
right like just trying to ship as much
as possible I ship with typos errors the
graphics are wrong sometimes the links
are broken but that volume of shipping
it's getting better and better and
better but I'm not going so slow because
not everything has to be perfect if this
has been helpful for you I just have one
single call to action I just subscribe
to this channel if you're trying to
build a personal brand don't listen to
my advice watch what I do you know check
me out on LinkedIn
check me out if you know if your
professional check me out on Instagram
what I'm doing there check me out here
on YouTube whatever is the place you
play check me out on check out my
podcast right look up Brendon Huffer and
your favorite podcast player I listen
like I'm multiple podcasts see what I'm
doing there learn from how I'm building
my personal brand also continue to file
a bill continue to follow Dave see what
they're doing with their personal brands
and if you want to see it from the
inside you want to see the results of
this you can join the SEO for the rest
of us community just sign up Brendon
hover.com slash newsletter I didn't mean
to do a second call to action there but
like check out the newsletter follow
along see how I'm sharing stuff within
my intimate community I've been Brendon
Hufford don't forget to work hard to be
nice people and don't get too lost
trying to create something that matters
[Music]
kind of a weak whistle they're kind of
bad